#+title LOPSTR 2024 call for papers

** Apologies for multiple postings **

34th International Symposium on Logic-Based Program Synthesis 
and Transformation (LOPSTR 2024).
Part of FM 2024 and co-located with PPDP 2024, FACS 2024, FMICS 2024, 
and TAP 2024.

September 9-11, 2024 - Milan, Italy

https://lopstr.github.io/2024/

Important dates:
 - Abstract submission: May 6, 2024 (AoE)
 - Paper submission: May 10, 2024 (AoE)
 - Author notification: June 26, 2024 (AoE)
 - Camera-ready: July 17, 2024 (AoE)
 - Symposium: September 9-11, 2024

OVERVIEW

The aim of the LOPSTR series is to stimulate and promote international
research and collaboration on logic-based program development. LOPSTR
is open to contributions in logic-based program development in any
programming language paradigm. LOPSTR has a reputation for being a 
lively, friendly forum for presenting and discussing work in progress.

LOPSTR 2024 will be held at Politecnico di Milano, Milan, Italy and,
as part of FM 2024, will be co-located with PPDP 2024, FACS 2024, 
FMICS 2024, and TAP 2024. At least one of the authors of an accepted 
paper is expected to attend the conference and present the paper. 
Information about venue and travel will be available on the FM 2024 
website.

Topics of interest include all aspects of logic-based program 
development, all stages of the software life cycle, and issues of both 
programming-in-the-small and programming-in-the-large, including, but
not limited to:

 - synthesis
 - transformation
 - specialization
 - inversion
 - composition
 - optimisation
 - specification
 - analysis and verification
 - testing and certification
 - program and model manipulation
 - AI methods for program development
 - verification and testing of AI-based systems
 - transformational techniques in software engineering
 - logic-based methods for security 
 - logic-based methods for cyber-physical and distributed systems
 - applications, tools and industrial practice

Survey papers that present some aspects of the above topics from a new
perspective and papers that describe experience with industrial
applications and case studies are also welcome.

PAPER SUBMISSION

Submissions can be made in two categories:

 - Regular Papers (15 pages max.)
 - Short Papers (8 pages max.)

References will NOT count towards the page limit. Additional pages may
be used for appendices not intended for publication. Reviewers are not
required to read the appendices, and thus papers should be intelligible
without them. All submissions must be written in English.

Submissions must not substantially overlap with papers/tools that have
been published or that are simultaneously submitted to a journal,
conference, or workshop with refereed proceedings.

Submissions of Regular Papers must describe original work. Work that 
already appeared in unpublished or informally published workshop
proceedings may be submitted (please contact the PC Chairs in case of
questions). 

Submissions of Short Papers may include presentations of exciting if
not fully polished research and tool demonstrations that are of
academic and industrial interest. Tool demonstrations should describe
the relevant system, usability, and implementation aspects of a tool.

All accepted papers will be included in the conference proceedings and
published by Springer as a Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS)
volume.

After the symposium, a selection of a few best papers will be invited
for submission to rapid publication in the Journal of Theory and
Practice of Logic Programming (TPLP). Authors of selected papers will
be invited to revise and/or extend their submissions to be considered
for publication. The papers submitted to TPLP will be subject to the
standard reviewing process of the journal.

SUBMISSION GUIDELINES

Authors should submit an electronic copy of the paper (written in
English) in PDF, formatted in the Lecture Notes in Computer Science
style. Each submission must include on its first page the paper title;
authors and their affiliations; contact author's email; abstract; and
three to four keywords which will be used to assist the PC in
selecting appropriate reviewers for the paper. Authors should consult
Springer's authors' instructions at the author's page, and use their
proceedings templates, either for LaTeX (available also in overleaf)
or for Word, for the preparation of their papers. Springer encourages
authors to include their ORCIDs in their papers. In addition, upon
acceptance, the corresponding author of each paper, acting on behalf
of all of the authors of that paper, must complete and sign a
Consent-to-Publish form. The corresponding author signing the
copyright form should match the corresponding author marked on the
paper. Once the files have been sent to Springer, changes relating to
the authorship of the papers cannot be made.

Page numbers (and, if possible, line numbers) should appear on the
manuscript to help the reviewers in writing their report. So, for
LaTeX, we recommend that authors use:

\pagestyle{plain}
\usepackage{lineno}
\linenumbers

Papers should be submitted via EasyChair:
https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=lopstr2024

PROGRAM CHAIRS

Juliana Bowles, University of St Andrews, Scotland and SCCH, Austria
Harald Søndergaard, The University of Melbourne, Australia

PUBLICITY CHAIR

Daniel Jurjo Rivas, IMDEA Software Institute, Spain

PROGRAM COMMITTEE MEMBERS 

Elvira Albert, Complutense University of Madrid, Spain
Roberto Amadini, University of Bologna, Italy
Juliana Bowles, University of St Andrews, Scotland and SCCH, Austria
Maribel Fernandez, Kings College London, England
Fabio Fioravanti, University of Chieti-Pescara, Italy
Didier Galmiche, University of Lorraine, France
Robert Glück, University of Copenhagen, Denmark
Gopal Gupta, University of Texas at Dallas, TX, USA
Michael Hanus, Kiel University, Germany
Bishoksan Kafle, IMDEA Software Institute, Spain
Gabriele Keller, Utrecht University, Netherlands
Maja Kirkeby, Roskilde University, Denmark
Ekaterina Komendantskaya, University of Southampton, England
Fred Mesnard, University of Reunion, France
Koji Nakazawa, Nagoya University, Japan
Pedro Lopez-Garcia, CSIC and IMDEA Software Institute, Spain
Harald Søndergaard, The University of Melbourne, Australia
Theresa Swift, University Nova Lisbon, Portugal
Laura Titolo, AMA/NASA Research, VA, USA
Hans van Ditmarsch, CNRS Toulouse, France
Wim Vanhoof, University of Namur, Belgium
German Vidal, Universitat Politecnica de Valencia, Spain

HISTORY

LOPSTR is a renowned symposium that has been held for more than 
30 years. The first meeting was held in Manchester, UK in 1991. 
Information about previous symposia: http://lopstr.webs.upv.es/. 
You can find the contents of past LOPSTR symposia at DBLP
(https://dblp.uni-trier.de/db/conf/lopstr/index.html) and past LNCS
proceedings at Springer (https://link.springer.com/conference/lopstr).

